ToDo

0. Fix up and standardize the Edit Psionics Tab. There are 11 psionics. They should all follow the same pattern.

    A). The psionic has standard properties which is in it's own box: edit-psionics

    B). psi-sub-skills which has repeating fields. Each sub-skill should have enterable fields (the first being name, then LE used, then RE used, then ability points 
        invested, Progression tree, then all the various proeprties (at least 4, no more than 6). 

    C) The equation the first 3 custom fields should be divisible by either (LE or RE)+Sub-Skill Level.

    D) the equation for the last 3 should just be text that htey enter and when rolled it spits out the name (top input) and the effect (bottom input).

1. TAB: Edit Psionics
    a). Repeating Fields for each psionic in the psi_sub-skills AREA (defined in CSS). 
    b). Each psionic should be allowed to create custom skills. Each new sub-skill will have two rows. The top is the bonus row (totals), and the bottom is the costs 
        row (divisors, how much it costs in Psionic Levels to achieve.
    c). Each subskill should have a ability point progression... Points input and Progression dropdown "counter" (1,2,3...) etc.
    d). Each subskill should have a roll button.    

2. Each psionic should have a section that is static for it's self. Each psionic has a static set of passive effects. These are laid out in the edit-psionics area (defined in CSS). Here are a bunch of display fields <span ... name="attr_...." This area isn't that important.

3. Inventory:
    a). Another set of buttons/check boxes, that displays 1 of the categories: Armor, Weapons, Items, Artifacts, Vehicles. I would prefer buttons. You can see how the 
        psionics page works and copy it.
    b). Each of these should have a repeating field. The inputs for each will be different.
    c). For weapons and armor there should be a tick box (hoepfully) that will "activate" the armor & weapon and will populate the combat section on the main page with 
        its stats. Otherwise something copy and pastable?
    
4. Main Page - this is the final page, which requires, I would think, the other pages to be done. This is intended as the main action page, mostly buttons with few input fields. It should pull data from all the other pages and display or roll. We can go over the layout of this page when the time comes.

5. There has go to be a way to compress the sheetworkers that i have built. I saw how you did it on the older one, but I couldn't get it duplicated. (all the attributes list.

6. The progression counting for the abilities and skills and attributes needs to be fixed. I couldn't get that to work either. The coding is there. I'm sure it's just naming conventions or something... A comma missing. God I hate commas.
